Let me show you the code.
Remember when I said KStream vs KTable is wrong for most systems?
Here is the proof.
Most people miss this completely.
Most people miss this completely,  And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a WordCountApp class in java.
The WordCountApp method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.streams.* module.
Now we define the buildTopology method.
Here we call flatMapValues() to handle the operation.
At this point, we call Produced.with() to process our data.
This is where we insert the key-value pair into our map.
we call Runtime.getRuntime() to process our data.
At 3 AM, a production server crashed because of Windowing.
The entire team was scrambling.
I will show you what went wrong in a minute.